Update readme to explain branch structure (#2707)
aws-amplify/docs: Readme.md

2. `yarn && yarn start`
3. <http://localhost:3333/> should open automatically.

## Contributing 

> We welcome contributions to the docmentation site! Please test your changes locally followed by a PR against our `master` branch. After your PR is reviewed, it will be merged and the branch will be deleted. 

Reviewer: What's our timeline on using `main`, instead?

Can we clarify use of the word "test"? Does it just mean to standup the docs site, and visually evaluate the rendered change, locally?

Author: Followed up about `main` internally. 
```suggestion
We welcome contributions to the documentation site! Please verify your changes locally followed by a PR against our `master` branch. After your PR is reviewed and all tests pass, it will be merged and the branch will be deleted. 
```
